Add notice about PostgreSQL file locations (#3486)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.5/operations/deploy-sensu/scale-event-storage.md

By default, the Postgres user you've just added will not be able to authenticate via password, so you'll also need to make a change to the `pg_hba.conf` file.
The required change will depend on how Sensu will connect to Postgres.

> In this case, you'll configure Postgres to allow the `sensu` user to connect to the `sensu_events` database from any host using an [md5][5]-encrypted password.

Author: ```suggestion
In this case, you'll configure Postgres to allow the `sensu` user to connect to the `sensu_events` database from any host using an [md5][5]-encrypted password:
```

### Create and add the replication role

If you have administrative access to Postgres, you can create the replication role.

> Complete these steps to create and add the replication role on the **primary** Postgres host.

Author: ```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
**NOTE**: Complete the steps to create and add the replication role on the **primary** Postgres host.
{{% /notice %}}
```

### Set streaming replication configuration parameters

> Complete the following steps to set streaming replication configuration parameters on the **primary** Postgres host:

Author: ```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
**NOTE**: Complete the steps to set streaming replication configuration parameters on the **primary** Postgres host.
{{% /notice %}}
```

### Bootstrap the standby host

> Follow these steps to bootstrap the standby host on the **standby** Postgres host:

Author: ```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
**NOTE**: Complete the steps to bootstrap the standby host on the **standby** Postgres host.
{{% /notice %}}
```
